How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Battle of Hong Kong

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
The Japanese lost about 3,000 people, and captured almost the entire garrison, consisting of almost 15,000 people. 

2. 
244</ref>

According to the assessment of the "Committee of Chiefs of Staff (UK) of the Committee of Chiefs of Staff of Great Britain" made in early 1937, among the most likely adversaries of the "Japanese Empire" was the second place after the "Third Reich" of Germany. 

3. 
In August 1940, after the French campaign, the new staff of the Chiefs of Staff concluded that effective Hong Kong defense was impossible and that the garrison, which at that time consisted of four battalions, needed to be evacuated. 

4. 
However, no action was taken to evacuate the garrison, and a year later the committee again changed its mind, recommending that Churchill, Winston and Churchill accept the proposal of the "Canada" of the Canadian Government to strengthen the Hong Kong garrison with two battalions. 

5. 
On the night of December 19, the main Japanese forces landed in the north-east of the island and soon struck towards Cape Diopwater in the south, splitting Allied forces. 

6. 

Notes
"Notes"

"Category: Battles of the War in the Pacific"
"Kategori:Battles of the United Kingdom
Category: Battles of Canada
"Category: Japan's battles in World War II"
Category: 20th century in Hong Kong
Category: Conflicts of 1941
Category: December 1941. 

7. 
On December 9, the British withdrew to the fortified Jindrinkers Line on the Julong Peninsula, and on the morning of December 10, a Japanese detachment captured one of the key redoubts there. 
