How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Boeotia

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
At the head of the executive branch were those who were elected for a year but had the right to be re-elected after a year; Thebes elected two representatives, the rest of the union one at a time; supreme decisive power was in the hands of the council, consisting of four colleges. 

2. 

Beothia and, in particular, the Beave region is a seismic region. 

3. 
In the Middle Ages and during the Turkish domination, instead of Thebes, who had lost their meaning, the main city of the country was the Levadia (city) and the famous oracle, the "Troponia" to the west of the Copa, the west of the Copa, and the main one. 

4. 
The city of Thebes suffered twice in the 19th century, once in the 20th century and once in the 21st century. 

5. 
14.</ref>) is one of the "Greece's administrative" The capital of Nom is the city of Levadia (the city). 

6. 
Greece
  the name of The Beothea
  The Greek name is a "S"
  map of GreeceViotia.png
  the capital, Levadia (The City)
  Population of 130,768
  2005
  area of 2952 q
  density q 44.3
  Province
  Cities q 18
  Communities
  indices q 32x xx, 190 12
  Phone q 26x0
  auto
  iso q GR-03
  http://www.viotia.gr/ www.viotia.gr
  periphery
  Noms 
Beothea
It's a "fokids"
"Phytotida"
"Eubey"
It's a "Eurytha"
}}

""Beotia" <ref> Book:SGNSS'46" </ref> ('lang-el') <ref>The transfer of the geographical names of Greece. 

7. 

The Administrative Division of Central Greece
"Noams of Greece"

Category: Beothea
Category: Historic areas of ancient Greece. 
