How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

C. L. R. James

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
Historians"
Category: Historians of Great Britain
Category:Anti-Colonialists
"Category: Marxist theorists"
"Category: Playwrights of the 20th Century"
Category: 20th-century essayists
"Category:Novelists in alphabetical order". 

2. 

The writings
"http://goscap.narod.ru/ross.html Russia: Fascist State Capitalism"

Notes
"Notes"

Links
(http://www.marxists.org/archive/james-clr/ C. 

3. 
He was a member of the anti-colonialist group "Beacon" formed around the magazine of the same name ("The Beacon"). 

4. 
He returned to Trinidad, where he was again involved in the anti-colonial (People's National Movement) party and the pan-African movement, claiming that the "Ghanaian Revolution", led by Kwame Nkrumah,Kwame Nkrumah, had demonstrated that "decolonization" was the most important source of inspiration for international revolutionaries. 

5. 

By 1940, he was disillusioned with the analysis of the Trotsky USSR as a "deformed working state" of the deformed working state. 

6. 
James came to the conclusion that the avant-garde party was alienated from the masses and, therefore, its futility (a clear example of this, in his opinion, was the suppression of the 1956 Hungarian Uprising of 1956), and the Dunayevskaya, also considering Lenin's thesis about the avant-garde party is outdated, but could not completely abandon the revolutionary organization. 

7. 
By 1934, he was a member of the "International" (Marxist Group(UK) (UK) (British) Trotskyist Group( in the "Independent Labour Party" of the Independent Labour Party. 

8. 

The result of the disagreement was the withdrawal of the group from the party of Schachtman and return to the Socialist Workers' Party, where it stayed until 1950 - the time of the release of their next book "State Capitalism and the World Revolution." During his time at the PSA, James argued for support for autonomous movements of oppressed minorities, such as the "negro issue" as a way to blow up the political situation, which was actually implemented later in the 1960s Years. 

9. 
James Archive

The sources of refless

"Category: Trotskyists of the United States"
"Category:Trotskyists of Great Britain"
Category: The Revolutionaries of Trinidad and Tobago
Category: Communists of Trinidad and Tobago
"Category:UK Labour"
Category: Writers of Trinidad and Tobago
"Category:Marxist Historians"
"Category:U.S. 

10. 
He left the Socialist Workers' Party (USA) and joined the Workers' Party with Max Schachtman. 

11. 

At the end of 1938, James travels to the United States to assist the American Section of the Fourth International (The Socialist Workers' Party (USA) of the Socialist Workers' Party( PSA, in organizing work with the black activists - he stayed there for more than twenty years. 

12. 
His book on the "Revolution in Haiti" of the Black Slave Revolution on "The Black Jacobins: The Black Jacobins" is considered a classic of Marxist historiography, anticipating the concept of 'history from below') and "people's history" of postwar French and British Marxist historians, including E. 

13. 
Johnson; Cohen
| Born date: January 4, 1901
| Birthplace 
| Date of Death - May 19, 1989
| The place of death 
| Citizenship 
| Religion 
| The Socialist Workers' Party (US)
| The main ideas of Marxism
| Occupation 
| The Awards
| The site 
}}

Cyril Lionel Robert James Lionel Cyril Robert James is an African-American historian, publicist, and theorist of the West Indies. 
