How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Christopher Hill (historian)

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
In 1935, Hill made a long ten-month journey to the Soviet Union, where he mastered the Russian language and studied Soviet historical science, especially in Britain. 

2. 
After the war, he finished work on the capital work of Lenin and the Russian Revolution. 

3. 

Published in 1972, the monograph "The World Turned Upside Down" ("The World Upside Down") is often called the best in Hill's creative heritage. 

4. 

Biography
John Edward Christopher Hill was born on February 6, 1912, in York, Yorkshire, the son of Edward Harold and Janet Augusta. 

5. 

However, after the "Rise in Hungary (1956) and the Soviet intervention" in the "Hungary" in 1956, Hill, like most of his colleagues in the Group of Historians, left the party in protest; at first he hesitated, but left the Communist Party of Great Britainin early 1957, after one of his reports was convicted. 

6. 

During his studies, Hill becomes a staunch Marxist and joins the Communist Party of Great Britain (1920) and the Communist Party of Great Britain. 

7. 
In it, the events of the mid-17th century in England are seen not only as a successful "bourgeois revolution" but also as a failed democratic revolution - a failed attempt by the working masses to emerge from bourgeois domination. 

8. 
Together with his associates he became one of the founders of the "new social history" and "history from below."

After 1956, Hill's scientific career continued to evolve. 

9. 
The discussion that began in the KPV Group of Historians ended with the adoption in 1948 of the interpretation of the English Revolution, the former version of the Hillian version, as the "bourgeois revolution" that led to the change of the feudal system by the capitalist. 

10. 
He no longer considers the entire bourgeois revolution, but the "revolt within the revolution" - the activities of radical "sects" like diggers and ranters, who foresaw the "socialism" and "libertarian socialism" ideas, but ahead of their time. 

11. 
From Hill's point of view, it was a political and social revolution, "a great social movement like the French Revolution of 1789" <ref>C. 

12. 

"Start box"
The title of the Master of Ballyola College, Ballyol College, years 1965-1978
"End box"

The Sun

"Category:Marxist Historians"
"Category: Marxist theorists"
Category: Members of the Communist Party of Great Britain
(Category: Oxford University graduates)
"Category:Balliol College"
(Category: Oxford University lecturers)
"Category:World War II". 

13. 
The namesakes of the Hill
Scientist 
 Christopher Hill
 The original name Christopher Hill
 Christopher Hill.jpg
 Width 
 "Description of the image" 
 Born : 6.2.1912
 "Birthplace" 
 The date of death is 23.2.2003
 "The Place of Death" 
 "Citizenship" 
 "Science Field"
 "A place of work" 
 "Scientist degree" 
 "Scientist rank" 
 Alma Mater 
 "Scientific Director" 
 "Famous Apprentices" 
 It's known as q 
 "Awards and Awards" 
 It's a painting. 

14. 
Puritanism and the Revolution: A Study of the English Revolution of the 17th Century. 
