How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Cuckoo clock

en edition's differences with the ru version: 


1. 
Some musical quartz clocks also reproduce many of the popular automata found on mechanical musical clocks, such as [[beer]] drinkers, [[wood-choppers]], and jumping [[deer]]. 

2. 
There is only one fundamental difference from the Black Forest-type cuckoo mechanism: The functions of Kircher's bird are not governed by a count wheel in a strike train, but a pinned program barrel synchronizes the movements and sounds of the bird. 

3. 
30.</ref>

It is hard to judge how large the proportion of cuckoo clocks was among the total production of modern movement Black Forest clocks. 

4. 
These timepieces, based both on architectural and home decorative styles, are rarer than the popular ones looking like gatekeeper-houses (Bahnhäusle style clocks) and they could be mantel, wall or bracket clocks. 

5. 

In musical quartz clocks, the hourly chime is followed by the replay of one of twelve popular melodies (one for each hour). 

6. 
Again and again old iron or wooden clock movements are discovered, which have automated cuckoos that possibly predate the first wooden movement cuckoo clocks from the Black Forest. 

7. 
This design was the most prevalent between the end of the 18th century and the first half of the 19th century. 

8. 

Friedrich Eisenlohr (1805–1854), who as an architect had been responsible for creating the buildings along the then new and first Badenese Rhine valley railway, submitted the most far-reaching design.<ref>The credit for first discovering Eisenlohr's original design goes to Herbert Jüttemann. 

9. 
2008-024)]]

The second story is related by another priest, Markus Fidelis Jäck, in a passage extracted from his report "Darstellungen aus der Industrie und des Verkehrs aus dem Schwarzwald" (Descriptions of the Industry and the Traffic of the Black Forest), (1810) said as follows: "The cuckoo clock was invented (in 1730) by a clock-master [Franz Anton Ketterer] from Schönwald [literally "Beautiful Forest", i.e. 

10. 
The earliest Black Forest examples had shields decorated with paper.<ref>* Miller, Justin , Rare and Unusual Black Forest Clocks, (Schiffer 2012), p. 

11. 
349.</ref>

Regarding its murky origins, there are two main fables from the first two chroniclers of Black Forest horology which tell contradicting stories about it:

The first is from Father Franz Steyrer, written in his "Geschichte der Schwarzwälder Uhrmacherkunst" (History of the Art of Clockmaking in the Black Forest) in 1796. 
