How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Detlev Peukert

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
He wrote a dissertation on the place of the German Communist Party in the resistance of the "Nazism" under the leadership of "Mommsen, Hans Mommsen". 

2. 

The Scientific Interests
Researcher of the processes ("modernization" (based on the works of "Weber, Max Weber"). 

3. 
Prior to the German Communist Party, he was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. 

4. 

Detlev Poikert Detlev Peukert is a German historian, one of the largest historians in Germany. 

5. 


The main works
Die KPD im Widerstand: Verfolgung und Untergrundarbeit an Rhein und Ruhr 1933-1945, Hammer, Wuppertal 1980, ISBN 3-87294-165-8. 

6. 
Volksgenossen und Gemeinschaftsfremde: Anpassung, Ausmerze und Aufbegehren unter dem Nationalsozialismus,'ln: Bund Verlag, 1982 ISBN 376630545X
Grenzen der Sozialdisziplinierung: Aufstieg und Krise der deutschen Jugendf'rsorge von 1878 bis 1932', Bund-Vlg., K'ln 1986. 

7. 
Hamburg: Christians, 1991

"Category:Personalities in alphabetical order"
(Category:German Historians)
"Category:Historians of Fascism"
Category: Born in 1950
Category: Born in Gutersllough
Category: Died in 1990
Category: The Dead in Hamburg
Category: Deaths from AIDS-related diseases
"Category:Communists of Germany"
(Category:Members of the Social Democratic Party of Germany)
Category: History of Social Movements
"Category: History of Everyday Life"
"Category:Historians of Nazism". 
