How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Disfranchisement

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
Like a wild beast, the criminal could become the prey of everyone; as a disenfranchised being, it was subject to "flow and plunder." Moreover, the Community (traditional) community often promised forgiveness to the deprived of peace, if he killed several like him, paid for their heads, etc. 

2. 
Stunned, as stated in the decrees of the time, was revered "Yako die." Similar measures were found in the codes of other countries: this, for example, mort civile (civil death) in the French Code of 1810 It produced the same legal consequences as physical death: marriage was destroyed, children born after that were considered illegal; The convict's property went to the treasury; but as the convict remained alive, his personality still enjoyed protection, and therefore this condition led to endless contradictions. 

3. 

It can be imposed for a period of one to five years as the main form of punishment and for a period of six months to three years as an additional form of punishment. 

4. 
The 47th Russian Criminal Code provides for a penalty in the form of "deprivation of the right to hold certain positions or engage in certain activities" and deprive the right to hold certain positions or engage in certain activities. 

5. 
In modern legal systems, the loss of rights is often associated with the deprivation of the convicted labor rights and rights granted under special authority: for example, the "UK of the Russian Federation" is provided for the "deprivation of the right to hold certain positions or engage in certain activities", prohibiting the employment of certain positions or engage in certain activities. 

6. 
This prohibition to enjoy political, civil and family rights (the right to elect and be elected, to hold a position in court or to act as an expert, to provide legal assistance, to be a guardian or guardian), to prohibit professional or public activities, to prohibit the stay in places defined by the court, or in France (for foreigners), the prohibition on participation in contracts, etc. 
