How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Endurantism

zh edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
"continue"), because the t1 vase is the same as the t2 vase in quantity (that is, the t1 vase and t2 vase are an object, not two). 

2. 

The difference between continuity theory and continuity theory is mainly reflected in their interpretation of the continuation of the object, take a vase as an example, the vase exists at t1, t2 two points in time, for the continuity is the reason why the vase survives through t1, t2 two points in time, because the vase is fully presented in t1, and the vase in t2 is presented in full, and t1 vase in the same number as the t2 vase. 

3. 
"dead end"-time-2016-01-09T05:31:04-00:00."
the sat?time?2016-01-09T05:31:04-00:00."
'Continuity theory' (or continuity theory) is a philosophical theory of survival (so-called persistence, which refers to the sameness of objects through time) and homogeneity. 

4. 
"Persistence, Persistence, Parts and Presentism", 'No's' 33 p. 

5. 
That is to say, for the continuing ists, the object is fully presentate at a point in time, so the vase in t1 is an object, the vase in t2 is an object, and the vase is able to remain the same by time (i.e. 

6. 
According to continualists, physical objects are surviving three-dimensional individuals, that is, objects are fully present at every moment of their existence. 
