How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Friedrich Engels

hi edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
Engels also played the responsibility of submitting Marx's writings on "Rules of Additional Capital" and was finally published as the fourth segment of capital. 

2. 
Both of them never tied their relationship in the traditional bond of marriage because both were against the social institution called marriage. 

3. 

During his stay in Manchester, Engels met a Labour woman with revolutionary ideas [[Mary Burns]] and continued to accompany her until Burns passed away in 1862. 

4. 
After the Russian government banned Rhinish Zetung in March 1843, Marx fled to Paris and had been living there since October 1843. 

5. 
In the meantime, he worked on the English version of his book "The Condition of the English Working Class", which was published in May 1845. 

6. 
He wrote articles on children in a very bad environment and sent a new series of articles to Marx. 

7. 

=== Brussels ===
The French government had removed Marx on February 03, 1845, after which he moved to Brussels, Belgium, including his wife and daughter. 

8. 

=== England ===
The family members of Engels sent him to Manchester [[England]] at the age of 22 in 1842. 

9. 

Engels helped Marx write the Holy Family Holi family during his stay in Paris. 

10. 
Engels wrote a book titled "The Condition of Working Class in England" on the status of england's working class in 1845. 

11. 
The Communist League tasked Marx and Engels to write a pamphlet on the ideals of the Communist Party, which went further to the "Communist Manifesto" (The Manifesto of the Communist Party). 
