How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

G. M. Trevelyan

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
Many of his works represented the "Wigs" Party as an important aspect of British politics from the 1600s to the mid-1800s, and its successor, the Liberal Party of Great Britain. 

2. 
He was elected in 1925 as a member of the British Academy, and in 1950, the Royal Society of London (under statute 12) <ref> "Dserve.ini"dsqApp;%20George%20Macauley%27) Trevelyan; George Macauley (1876 - 1962) </ref>, and was an honorary doctorate from many universities, including Cambridge. 

3. 
As a real home, they considered the family estate of the Trevelyans in Northumberland, when George Trevelyan's paternal grandfather died, Sir Charles Trevelyan followed in his father's footsteps and enrolled at Trinity College, Cambridge. 

4. 
ISBN 5-8138-0286-X
1949 - Autobiography and Other Essays
1954 - "The Unprofessional's Love for Letters"

Notes
"Notes"

Links
"Biblioinformation"

No links, date May 15, 2011

Category: Members of the British Academy
"Category:Writers in alphabetical order"
Category: Historians of Great Britain
Category: Members of the Royal Society of London (Statute 12)
Category: Nobel Prize nominees for literature
(Category: Graduates of Cambridge University)
(Category: Trinity College graduates (Cambridge). 

5. 
In 1940, he was appointed head of Trinity College," Trinity College, and managed it until 1951, when he retired. 
