How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

George Mosse

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
Historians"
Category: Born in 1918
"Category:Born in Berlin"
Category: Died in 1999
Category: The Dead in Madison
"Category:Researchers of Fascism"
"Category:Historians of Fascism"
"Category:Holocaust Explorers"
"Category:Personalities in alphabetical order"
"Category:Historians of Nazism"
(Category: Graduates of Cambridge University)
Category: Graduates of Downing College (Cambridge). 

2. 

The Scientific Interests
Since the early 1960s he began to study the transformations of German ideology in the 20th century - the notions of man ("man", "woman"), nation, other peoples, history, etc. 

3. 
 It's known as q 
 "Awards and Awards" 
 It's a painting. 

4. 

Recognition
"The Goethe Medal" The Leo Baeck Institute medal is the Leo Bec Institute. 

5. 
He moved to the United States in the United States, and the whole family moved there. 

6. 
Moss emphasized in this context the way of life of German and European Jewry, the views of Jews on labor, culture and education, the attitude towards Jews in Germany of the pre-Nazi and Nazi period,
and various kinds of Jewish nationalism, both in the Nazi era and later in the history of the state. 

7. 
Laker)
Literature and Politics in the Twentieth Century
Germans and Jews: Right, Left and Search for "Third Power" in Pre-Nazi Germany/ Germans and Jews: The Right, The Left, and the Search for a "Third Force" in Pre-Nazi Germany
"Historians in Politics" (1974, ed. 

8. 
Jews and Non-Jews in Eastern Europe, 1918-1945 (1974, Ed., co-authored)
Nationalization of the masses: political symbolism and mass movements in Germany from the Napoleonic Wars to the end of the Third Reich/ The Nationalization of the Masses: Political Symbolism and Mass Movements in Germany from the Napoleonic Wars through the Third Reich. 

9. 
An Introduction'
The Crisis of German Ideology: The Intellectual Origins of the Third Reich/ The Crisis of German Ideology: Intellectual Origins of the Third Reich
Nazi Culture: Intellectual, Cultural and Social Life in the Third Reich
"1914: The Coming of the First World War" (1966, ed. 

10. 
The Journal of Contemporary History, which they directed in the Journal of Contemporary History. 

11. 

 The width of the mural 
 The site 
 "Wikitek" 
 "Wikimedia Commons !--"
}}
"George Lachmann Moss" George Lachmann Mosse, September 20, ("Berlin") is an American historian and educator, a specialist in the social, political and cultural history of Europe, and above all, Germany of the period of the "Nazism" and. 

12. 
"One-family Moss"
Scientist
 George Moss 
 George Lachmann Mosse
 George L Mosse.jpg
 Width 
 (Description) by George Moss in Cambridge, March 1991
 Born Date: September 20, 1918
 "The Birthplace of The Birth" 
 The date of death is January 22, 1999
 The Place of Death
 "Citizenship"
 "Science field" history
 "A place of work" 
 "Scientist degree" 
 "Scientist rank" 
 Alma Mater 
 "Scientific Director" 
 "Famous Apprentices" 
 It is known as one of the founders of the Journal of Contemporary History. 

13. 
He taught at the University of Iowa, the University of Wisconsin, and the University of Wisconsin. 

14. 
he also lectured at Tel Aviv University, Amsterdam, and Ludwig-Maximilian University of Munich. 
