How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Gerhard Ritter

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
On the one hand, he was a staunch monarchist, on the other hand, did not deny the republic in principle: until the restoration of the monarchy was not sufficient conditions, he only believed the right strengthening of presidential power. 

2. 
For several years he was a member of the German People's Party (SNP), which defended these ideas in a somewhat modernized form during the Weimar Republic, defending these ideas in a somewhat modernized form<ref>Erin M. 

3. 
German Christians" being an adherent of the so-called "Confessional Church" The Confessional Church." The historian was impressed by the "Crystal Night" from 9 to 10 November 1938, when the largest Jewish pogrom occurred<ref>Ritter G. 

4. 
Harshly condemning the crimes of the Holocaust, Ritter, however, he believed that the Nuremberg Laws of The Nuremberg Racial Laws should not, in fact, be revised in the future Germany: Jews should not have returned their citizenship, they should have lived in the Ghetto during the Second World War, and that marriages with Christians would still remain under the ban<ref>Iggers, Georg "Comment: German Historiography" pages 43-48 Cambridge University Press, 1994 - P. 

5. 
Naturally, he categorically rejected the idea of continuity between the "Second Reich" - the German Empire created by Bismarck - and the "third Reich" - Hitler's Germany<ref>Ritter, Gerhard "Anti-Fischer" pages 135-142 from The Outbreak of World War I edited by Holger Herwig, Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1997 13</ref>5. 

6. 
And the real fame, which came even beyond the scientific world, came to him after the publication in the "1931" in a large biography of the Prussian reformer (Stein, Heinrich Friedrich Karl f und tsum' Friedrich von Stein) <ref>Ritter G. 

7. 
Since in fact, the political forces represented by such people from the President's entourage, Paul von von Hindenburg, such as Papen, Franz von 'Franz Papen' and "Yalmar Schacht", led the country in the late 20s and early 30s, Ritter probably believed that the collapse of their next project was inevitable. 

8. 
Studien zur Sp'tssholastik 1: Marsilius von Inhgen und die okkamistische Schule in Deutschland% sitzungsberichte der Heidelberger Akademie der Wissenschaften, philosophish-historische Klasse, Jg. 

9. 

In defending these ideas, Ritter, in the early 1960s, in particular, succeeded in cancelling the funding of a trip to the United States by a historian, Fritz (historian) Fritz Fischer, who defended the exact opposite view. 

10. 

After graduating from high school, Ritter went to study German philology and history after taking courses at the Ludwig-Maximilian University of Munich, the University of Leipzig, the Humboldt University of Berlin, and the University of Heidelberg. 

11. 
In 1922, Ritter was invited to a newly created University of Hamburg, and in the fall he moved to the University of Freiburg, where he worked until the end of his teaching career in 1956. 

12. 
According to Ritter, Fischer's lecture in the United States would be a "national disgrace" for Germany <ref>Herwig, Holger "Patriotic Self-Censorship in Germany" pages 153-159 from The Outbreak of World War I edited by Holger Herwig, Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1997 - P. 

13. 

As a loyal student of Onken, Ritter during these years actively develops his methodology of "political historyAnd." This phrase contains a twofold meaning: on the one hand, the representatives of onken's school viewed history, first of all, as a movement of political forces, on the other, saw a close connection between history and modern politics<ref>45. 

14. 

After the war
After the end of The Second World War, Ritter returned to teaching, and for a time was the chairman of the Union of German Historians. 

15. 

The First World War and the Weimar Period
By the time the First World War broke out, Ritter had been a high school teacher for more than a year. 
