How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Herbert Aptheker

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
From 1948 to 1959, he was editor-in-chief of the progressive publication Massmer and the Mainstream, and from 1957 to 1963 he was editor-in-chief of the communist Party's theoretical body, Political Affairs, Political Affairs. 

2. 
In 1966, he was nominated to the 12th District of New York City's 12th District of Representatives as a candidate for the Peace and Freedom Party of Peace and Freedom, receiving 3,562 votes. 

3. 
In the article "American Revolution and the Right to Revolution" he for the first time in historical literature substantiates: "The idea of the right to revolution is not only in the Declaration of Independence, but also in a number of the first state constitutions."

"The idea of adopting a written constitution, which includes a list of government powers, logically stemmed from the revolution," notes Herbert Apotheker. 

4. 
Historians"
"Category:Marxist Historians"
"Category:Marxists"
"Category:Communists of the United States"
"Category: U.S. 

5. 

In 1964, Apothecary led the American Institute of Marxist Studies, established in New York to promote Marxist radical education in the United States and to help organize discussions about Marxist thinking, dialogue between Marxists and non-Marxists, scientists, and writers. 

6. 
And the study of the history of the American people, the problems of the black people, has influenced the fact that in today's world the study of the problems of racial oppression and the fight against black slavery around the world continues. 

7. 

"Scientific Activities"
The apothecary noted the interpretation of human rights in the "Declaration of Independence of the United States" and the first constitutions of the United States, the concept of the "Sovereignty of the People's Sovereignty" and the right to "revolution" of the European Revolution. 

8. 
Scientist 
 Herbert Apothecary
 The original name of Herbert Aptheker
 "Image"
 Width 
 "Description of the image" 
 Born: 31.7.1915
 "Birthplace of Birth" brooklyn, "New York"
 The date of death is 17.3.2003
 Mountain View Place of Death in Mountain View, California, And Mountain View, California
 "Citizenship" 
 "Science Field"
 "A place of work" 
 "Scientist degree" 
 "Scientist rank" 
 Alma Mater 
 "Scientific Director" 
 "Famous Apprentices" 
 It's known as q 
 "Awards and Awards" 
 It's a painting. 

9. 

The apothecary twice (in 1939 and 1969) received awards from the Association for the Study of The Life and History of Negroes (now the Association for the Study of African American Life and History). 

10. 

The first two volumes of the twelve-volume "The Story of the American People" by Herbert Apotheker<ref>Aptheker H., History of the American People, New York, International Publishers, vol. 

11. 
After earning a bachelor's degree in geology from Columbia University, Herbert enrolled in a postgraduate degree in American history, planning to pursue a history of slavery and resistance to him under the influence of Dubois, William Edward Burkehardt. 

12. 
"The Story of the American People." The American Revolution. 

13. 
"http://chronicle.com/free/v53/i07/07b01201.htm "Herbert Apothecary: The Contradictions of History"
Apothecary Herbert. 

14. 

Books of the Apothecary
Some works:

A Documentary History of the Negro People in the United States (1951)
American Negro Slave Revolts (1945)
The American Revolution. 

15. 
A History of the American People: An Interpretation (1960)
Mission to Hanoi (1966)
The Nature of Democracy, Freedom and Revolution (1967)
The Truth about Hungary (1957)
Afro-American History: The Modern Era (1971). 

16. 
His master's thesis was devoted to a major slave uprising led by Turner, Nat Turner's 1831, followed by more general anti-slavery research, including an article in "Slave Maroons" in the journal Negro History, two articles in the Marxist Public Sciences journal and a doctoral thesis published later under the title "The Revolts of American Negroslaves" ('American Slave Slave' Columbia University Press, 1943) and became a classic monograph on the topic, as well as the 7-volume Documentary History of the Negro People. 
