How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

History of education

hi edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
In this part, the focus on many such child rights is to prevent and secure the rights of children from violating their child rights. 

2. 
Computer Education
The various topics of this part provide information about the significant contribution it has to make in capacity building through your information and technology information. 

3. 
child rights
Child rights are the biggest and emerging need of today's time, which lacks information among the people. 

4. 
This part provides an opportunity to know the various studies available to the readers and other important information associated with the employment opportunities available after 10th standard, graduation. 

5. 
In this age of information technology, INFORMATION and COMMUNICATION technology is working to bridge the distance between disadvantaged and affluent communities in the education sector, especially in rural areas. 

6. 
Teacher Forum
Many important things in the teaching and learning process prove the usefulness of this process in learner's life. 

7. 
Online Evaluation
This part provides an opportunity to know the names and characteristics of the states, their capitals and rivers of India, reflecting the self-assessment process of mathematics, science, geogogue with the help of web resources and source under online evaluation. 
