How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

History of timekeeping devices

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
The use of the "Sixties System of The Sixties" System of Numbering was invented in the "Schumer" to measure about 2000 BC. 

2. 

The Sundial
The Sundial
File:Louxor obelisk Paris dsc00780.jpg'thumb'left'80px'upright The Luxor Obelisk (Paris)
The original sundial at the Raif Mary Monastery. 

3. 
and enlarged edition, Harvard University Press, Cambridge 2000, ISBN 0-674-00282-2, p.18f.</ref>, dates from the 3rd century BC to the "Ancient Greece" of ancient Greece. 

4. 

The simplest solar clocks show the "solar time" rather than the local, that is, do not take into account the division of the Earth into the "time zone". 

5. 
They were known in "China", "Japan", "England" and "Iran." In India and Tibet, the variety of "solar clocks" was widely used in the form of "en:Sundial" Shepherd dials."

The earliest clocks were directly dependent on the solar shadow, rendering them useless in cloudy weather and at night, and if the gnomon was not oriented in parallel to the Earth's axis, they needed to be tuned in when the seasons changed. 

6. 
(ref name)Hassan'Ahmad Y Hassan, "http://www.history-science-technology.com/Articles/articles%2071.htm Transfer Of Islamic Technology To The West, Part II: Transmission Of Islamic Engineering </ref>"

The mechanical clocks used by the trigger were created in the 14th century and became a standard tool for measuring time until spring clocks and pocket watches were introduced in the 16th century. 
