How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

History of childhood

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
Meiji-era leaders decided that an ethnic state should have a major role in mobilizing people - and children - to serve the state. 

2. 
- 512 p.</ref>:
It is characterized by the mass murder and violence against children;
Throwing /removed (IV - 13th century) - characterized by the abandonment of infanticide due to the spread of The Christian Church and the practice of parents transferring children to third parties;
The ambivalent (14th to 17th century) is characterized by the beginning of the displacement of the practice of "Corporal punishments";
Obsessive/coercive (18th century) - characterized by the beginning of understanding the needs of the child;
Socializing (XIX - the first half of the 20th century) is characterized by a massive spread of pedagogical knowledge, as well as primary and secondary education;
Helping (since the middle of the 20th century) is characterized by individualization of the process of education, rejection of physical punishments and equal relations between parents and children. 

3. 
<ref>Anne Kinney, Representations of Childhood and Youth in Early China</ref>

Among the manuscripts of the "Mawandui" (early Han, discovered in 1973) are texts about childbirth and upbringing. 

4. 

Six models of Lloyd deMois
In his work on the history of childhood, Lloyd deMos singled out six different dominant models of attitudes towards children throughout history, justified the impact of childhood on the characteristics of the adult personality, and linked the child-rearing patterns he had been assigned to the peculiarities of civilization in each period. 
