How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Law of superposition

es edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
He reasoned that the formation of caves could remove part of the lower layers, and the collapse of the cave could transport large pieces of the upper layers down. 

2. 
He suggested that the upper layers had formed in the flood, after the creation of life, while the lower ones had formed before life arose. 

3. 
On each layer extends a substance of a different material, which marks a division between successive layers, but when the petrification occurred something happened in the partition that caused its rupture and disintegration between the layers (possibly refers to the nonconformity of strata) ... 

4. 
The [[geology)]] and many crystals have formed after the rock solidifies, because they often show irregularities in a way that they have had to settle for the surrounding rock. 

5. 
However, such anomalies leave physical evidence on disturbed rocks, for example, failed rock layers can crack, break, or [metamorphic rock]] along fault lines. 

6. 
A layer was formed at first, later, in a different period a new one was formed and stacked on the first, and so on. 

7. 
The principle of overlap, since there is no reversal of strata, tells us that the lower rock layers are older than the upper ones.]] 

The ''sten overlay law'' or ''Steno'' is a key axiom based on observations of natural history, and the founding principle of [stratigraphy]] [[sedimento-sedimentary]] and therefore other natural sciences dependent on [[geology]]:
"Quote" The sediment layers are deposited in a time sequence, where the oldest ones are in a lower position than the most recent ones. 

8. 
 

Finally, in the case of strata, the upper layers of a series of strata conform to the shape of the lower ones, and therefore, in a set of strata, the most recent levels must be the higher, while the oldest will be the lower ones. 
