How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Legend

ko edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
<ref name="legend"/>

== Structure ==
As the legend unfolds, "one day, one day" is presented. 

2. 
Similar to the press, but the process of conveying in a form that combines certain forms and contents, the filtration of time to the present and the disappearance of the time that has reached the present is different from other cultural phenomena that the survival of the survival of the fittest that only the surviving surviving. 

3. 
<ref name="Legend">Dictionary of Korean Language literature (1998, Korean Dictionary Of Research), "Opening of Oral Literature" (Korean Literary Society, Ilshard, 1971) reference</ref>

== Concept ==
Legend is a long-term existence that has been passed down over time, and it is widely spread along this time, so that there is a language or literature that conveys the contents, the person who delivers it, the method of delivery, the people who accept it, and what changes it has been . 

4. 
(See legend of [Law Volcano], [Baby Longevity Uturi, Baby Longevity and Dragon Horse Rock]. 

5. 
Soon, depending on the time pixel, the progress of the legend is four parts, such as the beginning → development unit → result part → stock stock part. 

6. 
The story of the helmet and the sword came out of the ground to bury the baby on the side of the head, and the story of the stone-pressed and killed baby is the motif of the pixels, and when the ground was dug, the helmet and the sword came out from there. 

7. 
Before the "one day" was presented, it was vaguely presented time, space, and human beings, but because active power (movement) was not applied, the story becomes a static (oran) state that does not work, and the day becomes the development part after the day. 

8. 
Then, whenever the story changes, a specific time for change is presented, such as "Finish, then, at this time, and later." Then, when the story of the past is over and tries to continue to the present in an instant, "there is still evidence of it."

It is easy to distinguish these time-presenting words as time-pixels(time pixels) and the beginning of the beginning of the old days, the beginning of the development part of the day, the development part of the presented variable time, the resulting part, and the resulting part, and the stock market. 

9. 

When this is referred to as a property (啦), the legendary unit is set, such as the legendary → illustration → motif → pixels → properties. 

10. 
(a) and (b) are the same , and it is important to note these changing vocabulary because it may be replaced by a dragon horse (啦), or it may be replaced with a helmet and a knife. 

11. 
<ref name="legend"/>

== Features ==
Legend believes the facts of the story are believed by the speaker and the listener who say that the story is the subject of human beings and their acts, there are monuments and evidence that support the story, and it has a unique form of history that is deeply related to history, whether it is legendary or history. 
