How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Maritime history

hi edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
By June 1949, the load of cargo ships for post-war trade increased by 14,00,000 total tonnes (gross) tonnes since 1936 to 560,000 total tonnes excluding the reserve fleet of the United States. 

2. 
In 1838, the first four sun-operated English ships crossed the blind ocean and traveled to the United States, and from 1840, four steamers of about 1,150 tonnes of load began to carry mail and carry each fortnight between England and North America. 

3. 
In the time between 1860 and 1925, 102 companies were registered for construction of ships, but most of them stopped functioning due to tough opposition from foreign shipping companies and the policy of the English government. 

4. 

== Iron in place of wood ==
At the same time, iron took the wooden space in shipbuilding. 

5. 
The maximum use of iron with wood started long ago, but in 1837, the first English ship of iron was ready. 

6. 
By 1890, the ratio reached 56 per cent and by 1900, 62 per cent. 

7. 
They had set up ports and colonies at many places on the shores of the Mediterranean and collected goods from different countries of Asia and transported them to all European countries. 

8. 
The superiority of the steamers is evident from this that although the total weight increased by one and a half times in the half century from 1850 to 1900, the transport power increased seven times. 

9. 
For the English Navy, if a ship was required to be built outside the United Kingdom, it was built in Bombay. 

10. 
Inspired by the aim of breaking this dominance and grabbing eastern trade [[Portugal]] and [Spain]] states made big ships and made ocean-long journeys and tried to reach [[India]]. 

11. 
In 1581, when the kingdoms of Portugal and Spain became one, spain was no longer another oceanotic power. 

12. 
On the smooth canal, coal museums were set up in the places between India and other South Asian countries and the distance of travel was also reduced due to this canal. 

13. 

In 1952, the Hindustani Ship Yard of Visakhapatnam was made a government factory and made a very progressive progress in shipbuilding work. 

14. 
To complete the programme, both the Eastern Shipping Corporation (Eastern Shipping Corporation) and in 1961 joined the Shipping Corporation of India in 1961. 

15. 
In the early 20th century, industries for the development of the Indian fleet started and with the establishment of the Scindia Steam Navigation Company in 1919, a new chapter of Indian shipping began, but due to neglect of the foreign government, there was no long-term special advancement. 

16. 
"

== Use of vapor ==
At the beginning of the 19th century, the use of vaporpower to run ships was taken care of. 

17. 
The East India Company, set up for business in India, established the Indian Navy, Indian Marine, in 1613, which conducted several wars with Portuguese and Dutch. 

18. 
The present Government of India is making a very good effort to progress the shipping industry by merchant shipping act, National Shipping Board and Shipping Development Fund. 

19. 
The governments of various countries before World War I did not give abundant support to their fleets, but in the two world wars, when they experienced the importance of merchant fleets for national security, many countries took up their expansion and development and began to support them in a variety of possible terms. 

20. 

== Indian ship industry ==
India's ship industry was heavily shocked after foreign rule. 

21. 

== Indian ship ==
In 1344, a famous passenger named Ibn Battuta went to Chittagong via Malabar via Malisland and boarded the ship to China. 

22. 

[[United Nations]] United Nations also entrusted the "United Maritime Consultative Consultative Council" set up to direct critical shipping after World War II to resolve legal complications by inter-state seamen associations. 

23. 
In 1947, exports to all other countries except the United States, the United States, became 75 per cent of the pre-war, 25 per cent in 1948 and almost the same in 1949. 

24. 
Even after that, the open vessels of wood and iron were built, but in 1870, five parts of six of the English ships were of iron and three-fourths of steam ships. 

25. 
When the battle-utility ships began to be built, ships were built long, narrowly, scolded, and easily moved around. 

26. 
After the war, in 1946, the total export trade of the United States was only 14 per cent of the pre-war exports, but after the war it went up to 30 per cent. 

27. 
Indian ships are now plying on the following sea routes: India-Europe-UK, India-Russia, India-Poland, India-South America, Indo-North America, India East Africa, Indo-Red Sea, Gulf of India Iran, India-Australia, India-Japan, India-Singapore etc. 

28. 
Before the arrival of steamers, the owners of large ships plying on certain routes used to be rich in special businesses, but most of the ships used to be part of many men. 

29. 
In the past, greece residents also joined the Mediterranean trade, but when the Roman Empire was established, the European maritime trade could reach a full flourish when the war and the atrocities of the pirates were found. 

30. 
The Planning Commission used to operate a total tonnage of Indian ships under the Third Five Year ship in coastal trade and the rest of the longitude trade. 

31. 
In order to increase and protect the country's trade after independence, the Government of India decided that India's coastal trade, i.e., about 25 to 30 lakh tonnes of cargo per year, was carried out by Indian ships and the tonnage of Indian ships has been 20 lakh tonnes for five to seven years. 

32. 
Governments of various countries took necessary measures for safety on the sea, welfare of workers working on ships, uniform sea shipping rules, coordination of ship related paper papers and advancement of waterways. 

33. 
By 1775, the fence could have been equal to any other dock enclosure in the world, and it was universally accepted that teak wooden ships in Bombay were superior to ships made in Europe. 

34. 

== Expansion of civilization from ships ==
The increase in transport power and the reach of ships at a given time gave rise to changes of importance. 

35. 

In addition to naval combat ships, ordinary merchant ships have worked of importance in the last two world wars. 

36. 
Many merchant ships were destroyed in these wars, but the construction of ships also increased as per the requirement. 

37. 
Post-war ships were generally larger and faster than the pre-war ships. 

38. 
In World War II

Even after more than 700 ships of 46,00,000 tonnes were destroyed, the fleet of merchant ships of the United States was larger than the combined merchant fleets of all other countries at the end of the war. 
