How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Natalie Zemon Davis

ru edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 
Stanford, California: Stanford University Press, 1975. 

2. 
Stanford, California: Stanford University Press, 1987. 

3. 
Three 17th-century women's portraits"
"Lion Eisenstat." "http://narodknigi.ru/journals/23/zhenskiy_portret_v_interere/ Women's Portrait in the Interior" / The People of Books in the World of Books. 

4. 

"Scientific Activities"
Basic scientific and
the culture of the New Age of Western Europe, the "gender history" of the New Age. 

5. 
As a result of the film, she published the same book (released at the same time as the film in French, in 1983 translated into English). 

6. 
Three 17th-century women's portraits, based on the memoirs and letters of three 17th-century women, refined the ideas about the role and place of women in the early days, about norms and prejudices in society, about their impact on women's behavior and their activities. 

7. 
"Gender in the Academy: Women and Learning from Plato to Princeton: an exhibition celebrating the 20th anniversary of undergraduate coeducation at Princeton University." Princeton: Princeton University Library, 1990. 

8. 
"M.: New Literary Review (Publishing) (New Literary Review), 1999. 

9. 
She has taught at Brown University, the University of Toronto, the University of California, the University of California, Berkeley, and Princeton University. 

10. 
"The Namesakes"
Image caption Natalie Semon Davies (centre)

"Natalie Semon Davis" (also "Natalie Semon Davis"; "Lang-en" Natalie zemon Davis; THE DR/8 11,1928, is an American-Canadian historian who has won the Holberg Prize for the Holberg Prize (2010 n_1470528) and will receive $785,</ref>. 
