How to read this document: Passages from one language's article appear in order of their likelihood of containing different content from the other language. The further down you read, the more likely that the content between languages is similar. If the list is short, it is likely that the content between languages is highly similar, or that the original language article for this subject is not very long. Passages may be from any part of an article.  Sometimes they are captions for pictures, sometimes references, and sometimes they are part of the article itself. Not every passage will be meaningful.  This is merely a guide to help you find the most novel content, quickly.

Onsen

ja edition's differences with the en version: 


1. 

Total amount of dissolved substances (excluding gas-resistant ones) - 1000mg
    Free carbon dioxide - 1000mg
    Cu2+ - 1mg
    Total Iron Ion (Fe2++Fe3+) - 20mg
    Al3+ - 100mg
    H+ - 1mg
    Total sulfur ([HS-, S2O3--, corresponding to H2S)- 2mg
    Rd - 111Bq

Furthermore recuperation spring is classified as follows by the component and amount of dissolved substances. 

2. 
Dissolved ingredients (spring quality)
    Dissolved components are classified according to artificial regulations. 

3. 
Classification of dissolved components are made by the amount of dissolved substance in the hot spring 1kg. 

4. 
Acid spring
Further information: "Acid Fountain"

Hot springs containing a large amount of hydrogen ions. 

5. 
In many cases, it is included in the form of free sulfuric acid and hydrochloric acid. 

6. 
Broken Link
    Media Events and Hot Springs - Organized by the National Newspaper - Journal of the Faculty of Education, Gunma University, Journal of Humanities and Social Sciences, Vol. 

7. 
Recuperation spring containing special ingredients

Contains special components above a certain value. 

8. 
However, due to the boom of Japanese culture today and the penetration of the onsen culture (described below), there are some parts of the world where Japanese-style bathing is spreading around the world. 

9. 
In the United States, it is defined as 21.1 degrees (70 degrees Fahrenheit) and 20 degrees or more in Germany. 

10. 
Osmotic pressure
    Based on osmotic pressure in the mineral spring analysis method guidelines, the classification of hypotonic, isotonic, and hypertonic by the total amount of dissolved substances in 1kg of hot springs or the freezing point (ice point) is also carried out. 

11. 
(April 3, 2014) Retrieved April 4, 2014. 

12. 
The place where les vans attach to the place name is a hot spring resort that has developed since ancient times. 

13. 
In ancient Roman times, the construction of a recreation facility linking hotels and hot springs was further advanced, and a wide range of facilities were built, from luxurious resort facilities for the wealthy to the common people. 

14. 
(February 19, 2014) Retrieved February 23, 2014. 

15. 
(Content is in 1kg)
        Dissolved substances (excluding those of gas) ) Total volume 1000mg or more
        Free carbonic acid (CO2) 250mg or more
        Lithium-ion (Li+) 1mg or more
        Strontium ion (Sr2+) 10mg or more
        Barium ion (Ba2+) 5mg or more
        Ferro or ferriion (Fe2+, Fe3+) 10mg or more
        First manganese ion (Mn2+) 10mg or more
        Hydrogen ion (H+) 1mg or more
        Bromine ion (Br-) 5mg or more
        Arsenic ion (I-) 1mg or more
        Fluorine ion (F-) 2mg or more
        Hydrogen arsenic ion (HAsO42-) 1.3mg or more
        Meta-subic acid (HAsO2) 1mg or more
        Total sulfur (S) [HS-, S2O32-, corresponding to H2S] 1mg or more
        Metaboric acid (HBO2) 5mg or more
        Metakeiacid (H2SiO3) 50mg or more
        Soda bicarbonate (NaHCO3) 340mg or more
        Radon (Rn) 20 x 10-10Ci or higher
        Radium salt (as Ra) 100 millionth or more mg

Classification by the mineral spring analysis method guidelines

The mineral spring analysis guidelines established by the Ministry of the Environment distinguish between "constant water" and "mineral water". 

16. 
The longest one in Japan is the one installed in the roadside station Tarumizu (Kagoshima Prefecture). 

17. 
(Those less than 25 degrees Celsius are sometimes referred to as cold or mineral springs.)
    Regardless of the water temperature, among the following components, including one or more of any one or more. 

18. 
54, 67-83, 2005 Akiko Sekido
    <玉川温泉> Drenched in Sweat "Kawakita Shimpo" July 22, 2017 (july 13, 2018)
    [Food Frontier] "Onsen Vegetables" popularity, used in fertilizers, "sweetup" "Nikkei MJ" December 24, 2018 (food surface). 

19. 
In addition, there are three kinds of names such as the name of the spring quality for the posting, the name of the old spring quality, and the name of the new spring quality. 

20. 
Hotels and restaurants have also been built, but there are no bathing hot springs inside (Europe, especially Western and Eastern Europe, which is not as wet as in Japan, which is a major reason why bathing culture did not develop), and instead there are drinking fountains and drinking fountains. 

21. 
Specifically, the spring temperature is less than 25 degrees C., the containing component contains more than 1000 mg / kg, or metasilicate and metabacid contains more than a specified amount, the specified component of the recuperation spring is a hot spring that does not contain more than the specified amount. 

22. 
Aluminum-containing spring
Further information: Aluminum-containing fountains

A hot spring composed mainly of aluminum. 

23. 
In the mineral spring analysis method guidelines, the one that can be subjected to the purpose of treatment among mineral springs is defined as a particularly recuperation spring, and further defines the eight substances identified. 

24. 
If the temperature at the time of springing is 25 degrees Celsius or more, or if the specified component is greater than or equal to a certain value, it is classified as "mineral water" (see also "mineral spring" and "spring quality"). 

25. 

Moreover, the drinking spring and the medicine were connected immediately because the medical effect was clear by drinking the hot spring water directly as a result. 

26. 
    The classification of spring temperature is not unified worldwide because the name and the range of the spring temperature are different depending on the country and the classifier. 

27. 
Amount of spring
    The amount of water discharged is the amount of water that is continuously taken out from the ground to the surface, also includes the case of being pumped out by an artificial method such as power. 

28. 

Cold mineral spring - less than 25 degrees Celsius
        Micro Hot Springs - 25 degrees Celsius or more than 34 degrees Celsius
        Hot Springs - 34 degrees Celsius or less than 42 degrees Celsius (sag-in hot springs)
        High Hot Springs - Over 42 degrees Celsius

Liquid classification - pH value
    Classification by pH value at the time of springing

Acidic - less than pH3
        Weakly acidic - pH3 to less than 6
        Neutral - pH6 to less than 7.5
        Weakly alkaline - pH 7.5 to less than 8.5
        Alkaline - pH8.5 or higher

Classification of osmotic pressure
    Classification by total amount of dissolved substances and freezing point (freezing point)

Hypotonic - Total amount of dissolved substances less than 8 g/kg, freezing point -0.55 degrees Celsius or higher
        Isotonic - Total amount of dissolved substances 8g/kg or more and less than 10g/kg, Freezing point -0.55 degrees C or less -0.58 degrees C or higher
        High tension - Total amount of dissolved substances 10 g/kg or more, freezing point less than -0.58 degrees C

Recuperation spring

In the mineral spring analysis method guidelines, mineral springs that can be subjected to the purpose of treatment are defined as special lying springs, and the eight substances identified are further defined. 

29. 
The legend of the origin of each hot spring is the legend that animals such as deer, cranes and herons healed the wound, and there are many legends discovered by famous monks such as Kobo Daishi under the influence of Buddhism that encourages bathing through bathing. 

30. 
In Japan, it is stipulated in the Hot Spring Act and mineral spring analysis guidelines. 

31. 

If the temperature of the spring source is 25 degrees Celsius or more, or if the hot spring 1kg contains any of the following ingredients above the provisions, it is possible to name the recuperation spring in the mineral spring analysis guidelines. 

32. 
It is classified as baking soda spring and bicarbonate earth spring. 

33. 
It is divided into a glass spring, a gypsum spring, and a positive bitter spring. 

34. 
Other than those who are forbidden to take a hot spring bath, it is a safe spring quality without such evils. 

35. 
The name of the old spring is Myotoizumi and Green Spring. 

36. 
These are commonly known as "hot spring method" can not be spring quality classification, "fluorine-containing spring", "metaphosphate spring", "metasilicate spring", "simple spring", "cold mineral spring" and the like are named according to its characteristics. 

37. 

In South Korea and North Korea, a Japanese-like "soaking hot spring culture" has taken root, and the Japanese developed hot springs on the Korean Peninsula due to the annexation of Japan and South Korea. 

38. 
In addition, bathing was considered to be harmful to the body due to the spread of infectious diseases such as moral disturbances, syphilis and plague, and social background due to religious reasons, and the custom of bathing was shunned (see section "Bathing" for details). 

39. 
Because the east is the earliest European settlement in the United States, there are also hot springs with a long history, such as Berkeley Springs in West Virginia, a hot spring resort associated with George Washington, Jefferson Pools in Virginia, where Thomas Jefferson is said to have visited and visited, and the luxury resort Homestead, which is said to have been visited and visited by many celebrities. 

40. 
In addition to being used for saunas and showers, hot springs are also used for saunas and showers, and there are many people who swim in a large bathtub with hot spring water as well as a pool (in Japan, it is considered a violation of manners). 

41. 
Bathing became commonplace due to the bathing carried out by the monks. 

42. 
In addition, the proper way of bathing is enlightened by the system called "Onsen Shinan role" that can easily point to bathers with different bathing methods depending on the quality of the hot spring. 

43. 
In addition, there is no custom of bathing naked like in Japan, and wear a bathing suit. 

44. 
The area where the research on hot springs and health is actively used for health promotion and medical treatment in towns such as the "Accommodation Plan with Human Dock" (Yusmoke Dog) in cooperation with hospitals and hot spring accommodation facilities at Yubara Onsen (Maniwa City, Okayama Prefecture). 

45. 

Dangers of hydrogen sulfide

In 2014, a man bathing in a hot spring facility in Ashoro-cho, Hokkaido, was found unconscious by hydrogen sulfide derived from hot springs. 

46. 
Hot spring
Source: Free Encyclopedia Wikipedia
Go to Navigation
Go to Search
Disambiguation For other usages of "Hot Springs", please refer to "Onsen (disambiguation)". 

47. 

Salt spring - dissolved amount of material (excluding gas substances) 1g/kg or more
    Simple hot spring - dissolved amount of material (excluding gas substances) less than 1 g/kg and hot water temperature of 25 degrees Celsius or more
    Recuperation spring containing special components - containing special components above a certain value

Article

Mineral Spring Analysis Guidelines

Types of hot springs
Recuperation spring

The recuperation spring is classified by its containing component. 

48. 
Since the metal content in the water is oxidized by touching the air, the color of the hot water is yellow. 

49. 
Even now, drinking mineral water, soaking in hot water for a fixed amount of time, and receiving a massage while taking a shower are accepted as medical practice. 

50. 
On the other hand, the quality of drinking water was poor in Europe, and some bathers drank hot spring water. 

51. 

In the <a0> View </a0

History of the table story

Hot spring
In the <a0> View </a0

History of the table story

Topography on Earth
Authority management	

GND: 1070678562 NDL: 00568894

Category:

Hot Spring Resources Japanese Culture Japanese Historical Tourist Destinations
. 

52. 
Tomon Utilization "Asahi Shimbun" Evening Edition May 15, 2018 (july 13, 2018)
    A total of 33 locations nationwide, including hydrogen hot spring sulfide, and a total of 33 locations in Japan, Hokkaido Shimbun (January 17, 2017) Viewed on January 28, 2017
    "Nanomist, hot spring water concentration by ultrasound equipment sales for inns". 

53. 
Use of hot spring mud

Fangotika - In Beppu, the use of colorful hot spring mud found in the source of various spring quality is jointly researched by Oita University Of Medicine, Hiroshima University, Nihon Bunri University, Padua University (Italy), Oita Prefectural Industrial Science and Technology Center, etc., and hot spring mud beauty fangotika has been developed. 

54. 
In the past, there was an opinion that a pregnant woman would have a miscarriage or premature birth when she entered a hot spring, but there was no scientific basis, and there was no health problem even if a pregnant woman entered the hot spring. 

55. 
Non-volcanic hot springs are further divided into so-called deep hydrothermal water, which has become hot according to the ground temperature gradient, where the temperature rises deeper underground, and those with unknown heat sources. 

56. 
In the Heian period," the Enki-shiki Shinnashin book lists several companies with the names of hot spring shrines and other shrines that enshrine the god son of hot springs. 

57. 
    Hot spring eggs - Boil the eggs in a hot source. 

58. 
    a b c d e History of France Hot Spring Resort Hiroyuki Narisawa, "Economics Journal, Vol.9, No.1, Miyazaki Institute of Industry and Management, Economic Society, 2000"
    How to walk the earth Szecheni Onsen "Swimsuit swearing because not only the pool but also the hot spring is mixed bathing"
    The Hot Spring Situation in Contemporary France Hiroyuki Narisawa, Journal of Economics, Vol. 

59. 
Sulfur spring
Further information: Sulfur Fountain

A hot spring that contains more than 2mg of total sulfur in 1kg of hot spring water. 

60. 
Carbon dioxide spring
Further information: Carbon dioxide fountain

Hot springs contain more than 1g of free carbonate in 1kg of hot spring water. 

61. 
Bathing and resting is a unique Japanese culture reflected in the humid climate (exceptionally Japanese bathing is widespread in parts of Asia), and it is recognized worldwide as something to enjoy, recuperate, or drink, or to steam. 

62. 
In the early days, Christianity demolished the hot spring facilities to eradicate the Roman belief in hot springs, and instead built Christian facilities such as churches. 

63. 
Hot spring symbol and hot spring mark

For the "hot spring symbol" as a map symbol, see the "Onsen Mark" item. 

64. 
[10]

After the French Revolution, the hot spring supervisor system began in place of the supervisor system during the monarchy, and in the 19th century, the hot spring resort stay, which was both a recreation and socializing, became popular, and the resort of the hot spring resort advanced. 

65. 
Chloride spring
Further information: Chloride spring

There is more than 1g of ingredients in 1kg of hot spring water, and the main component of anions is chlorine ion hot springs. 

66. 
Iron-containing spring
Further information: Iron Fountain

A hot spring containing more than 20mg of total iron ions in 1kg of hot spring water. 

67. 
Radioactive spring
Further information: "Radioactive Fountain"

A hot spring containing 3 nanocuries (111 becquerels) or more radon in 1kg of hot spring water. 

68. 

There may be variations in hot springs caused by earthquakes, such as the new hot spring in Tateyama, where a new hot spring temperature of 70 degrees after the Togoe earthquake erupted, and the Wariseki Onsen, where the spring temperature rose after the Great East Japan Earthquake. 

69. 
In 1935, the Japan Society of Hot Spring Climate was established, and academic research on hot spring climate and its medical applications progressed. 

70. 
After the Pacific War, the Beppu Hot Spring Medical Research Institute was established as an atomic bomb survivor, and research on hot spring therapy was also conducted in support of the A-bomb survivors. 

71. 

New Zealand is a famous hot spring powerhouse in Oceania, and there are many hot springs in the country because of its many volcanoes. 

72. 
Hot Springs of the World

The use of hot springs is roughly divided into the world, and it is roughly divided into bathing and resting the body (this is the mainstream in Japan), bathing and recuperating, bathing and enjoying (swimming, etc.), drinking (drinking hot spring), and using steam (sauna and steam bath). 

73. 

When classified by heat source, it is divided into volcanic hot springs, which are sourced from magma underground of volcanoes, and non-volcanic hot springs where groundwater is heated by geothermal heat regardless of the volcano. 

74. 
In ancient Greek times, the use of hot springs for disease treatment was established, and it was developed as a place of pilgrimage and treatment, linked to faith from the mysterious power of the efficacy of the hot springs. 

75. 
Hot Springs and Medical Care

At a time when baths using hot water were not common and lack of knowledge and medical care, hot springs were a holy place with amazing efficacy for injuries and diseases. 

76. 

From an archaeology point of view, it is presumed that herbivores gather in hot springs containing salt, and people who hunt the animals gather around the hot springs, and that the human activities were born, and the Japanese culture of familiarity with the hot springs was born. 

77. 
The Japanese Society of Hot Spring Climate Physics and Medicine, which has been renamed the Japan Society of Hot Spring Climate Science, has certified as a hot spring therapist and a hot spring therapy specialist. 

78. 

As a custom of the general public, the main seasonal hot spring cure, such as New Year's hot spring, cold hot spring cure, flower hot spring cure, autumn hot spring cure, etc., went to a relatively fixed hot spring resort every year, and tried to recover from fatigue and promote health. 

79. 

In 1931, Kyushu University established the Hot Spring Therapeutics Research Institute at Beppu Onsen, which is blessed with abundant hot spring resources, and research on hot spring therapy spread to six national universities. 

80. 
As a special example, there is a moor spring which became a hot spring by the heat when the plant which deposited in ancient times changes to a subcharcoal in Tokachigawa hot spring in Hokkaido. 

81. 
When the hot spring resort which looked at this was bottled and sold, a great reputation was called, and after that, "hot spring is the one to drink" and the drinking spring took root as a culture. 

82. 

Around the Edo period, hot spring cure guests came to visit during the farming season, and the accommodation facilities where those hot spring cure guests could stay became hot spring inns. 

83. 

Hot springs became popular with the general public by the publication of books on hot spring therapy and guide maps such as hot spring picture books by Masuken Kaihara, Mt. 

84. 
When hot springs are classified by heat source, they are divided into volcanic hot springs, which are sourced from magma underground of the volcano, and non-volcanic hot springs unrelated to the volcano. 

85. 
In the 13th century, the medical use of hot springs began again from the eastern bathhouse information conveyed by the Crusaders, and in the 15th century, the community put a lot of effort into managing hot springs, and the hot springs regained their vibe. 

86. 
See also
Portal: Hot Springs Portal Hot Springs
	Wikimedia Commons has categories related to Japanese hot springs. 

87. 
Elements of hot springs

Hot springs have the following elements:

Wen Quan
    The temperature of the spring is the temperature of the hot spring water at the spring outlet (usually the surface). 

88. 
It is used for medical and recuperation purposes to the last because there was no custom of "soaking in hot water" basically like Western Europe though it is a region where the amount of hot water is abundant, and the humidity is comparatively high in the United States, and resort facilities such as the casino and the boutique scattered in the city will support the development as a resort. 

89. 
In contrast to artificial hot springs, it is sometimes referred to as a "natural hot spring". 

90. 
Hot Springs and Health

At present, various initiatives are being made in hot spring resorts throughout Japan from the viewpoint of preventive medicine. 

91. 
There is also a hot spring that tourists can enjoy seeing because the ingredients and hot water temperature are not suitable for bathing, and geysers in Beppu jigal tours and around the world are famous. 

92. 
The famous Karlsbad, which was also the origin of The Karlus Onsen, is a hot spring resort for drinking hot springs. 

93. 

In addition, the Belgian spa, which has become a fixed name for international hot springs, is a hot spring resort that has developed for recuperation. 

94. 
At the time, German and Italian hot springs were preferred, but Baden in Switzerland, which was a social place for European aristocrats and royals, was the most popular hot spring destination. 

95. 

The most famous example of the development of a hot spring resort in the United States is the city of Hot Springs, Arkansas. 

96. 
The hot springs in the area are said to have originated in 1541 when Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto discovered a hot spring that had been used by natives for a long time. 

97. 
Some hot springs also have a place to boil hot spring eggs. 

98. 
Hot springs that are not recuperation springs

Although it applies to the definition of hot springs stipulated by the Hot Springs Law, there are also hot springs (mineral springs) that do not fall under the classification of the 11 species above. 

99. 
History

Because there are many volcanoes in Japan, there are many volcanic hot springs, and there are many myths related to hot springs and the legend of opening hot springs. 

100. 
It is common to discuss whether a hot spring is a "legal hot spring" that applies to the definition of the hot spring law or not (it may also be used in discussions that do not fit the image). 

101. 
In beppu hot spring in the middle of Kamakura, a hot spring dedication was placed by Otomo Yoriyasu, and there are records of the former samurai's war wounds coming to take care of them. 

102. 
In Beppu City, Oita Prefecture, which has about 1/10 of the total number of hot spring sources in Japan, this technology was introduced around 1879, and hot spring drilling became popular and developed. 

103. 

There is also a hot spring facility that is used as a hot spring cure for racehorses, such as the horse's hot spring at the Racehorse Rehabilitation Center near Iwaki Yumoto Onsen. 

104. 
    The three elements of the hot spring are beneficial to understand the characteristics of the hot spring, in detail various classifications and regulations have been made based on the physical and chemical properties. 

105. 
In the late 19th century, the hot spring resort fever was rekindled, and casinos and villas were actively built in the hot spring town, leading to the present day. 

106. 

Today, The City of Bath and Karlsbad, known as the hot spring town, has developed as a resort, and is equipped with a hot spring hospital and facilities for old age. 

107. 
The size of the hot spring town is small, and a bathtub for recuperation is provided in the private room of the hotel, and the atmosphere is similar to the hot spring for the hot spring cure in Japan. 

108. 
In the 16th century, the upper-class hot spring town of Shiodome began, and the hot spring tour scattered throughout Europe became popular. 

109. 
In 1605, during the Henri IV era, the hot spring supervisor system was launched, which became the first hot spring policy by the state in France. 

110. 
In some hot spring resorts, the fame was increased by the visit of monarchs, royalty, and celebrities, and the maintenance of the hot spring resort advanced along with it. 

111. 
In the latter half of the 19th century, the construction of large-scale hotels, the publication of hot spring guides, the turbulence of hot spring doctors, the hot spring development investment boom, and the activation of advertising in partnership with hot spring resorts led to rapid tourism, as transportation and hot spring towns increased due to the industrial revolution. 

112. 
In addition, the stay of the hot spring resort of the royal family became very active, and the hot spring diplomacy was done frequently. 

113. 
It is said that the people of the native Maori also knew the efficacy of the hot spring, and used the hot spring for the recuperation. 

114. 
However, in the first half of the 20th century, the country focused on abundant hot spring water and tried to develop a stay-type hot spring resort, but it did not progress much because it was not as humid as Japan and the custom of bathing was not rooted in the settled whites. 

115. 
In addition, the hot spring pool using hot spring water is very popular, and it is the main facility of the hot spring resort. 

116. 

Bathing was the main bathual until the 15th century, but because of the small volcanic belt, the amount of hot water was small, and the hot spring temperature was low, so the hot spring resort did not develop. 

117. 
According to Article 2 (definition) of this Hot Spring Act, the hot spring is filled with one or more of the following "hot water, mineral water and water vapor and other gases (excluding natural gas mainly composed of hydrocarbons) that is filled with the following. 

118. 
Simple hot spring
Further information: Simple Hot Springs

Hot springs with a low content of minerals and gas (less than 1g in 1kg of hot springs). 

119. 

While Japanese hot springs have developed in the bathing standard, in europe today, "drinking hot springs" and drinking hot springs are deeply rooted as a hot spring culture. 

120. 
Bathing facilities using the hot spring and the area where they gather (hot spring town, hot spring village) are also commonly called hot springs. 

121. 
Since the Showa era, hot spring medicine andAdvances in analytical chemistry have demonstrated the medical effects of hot springs, and the number of hot spring users has spread widely. 

122. 
In Sancho Onsen, research on hot spring therapy that connects hot springs and modern medicine has been conducted, such as the establishment of a hot spring sanatorium in 1939 with an eye on the efficacy of radium. 

123. 
While the hot springs by aristocrats and royalty flourished, free hot spring treatment facilities for the needy were built in each hot spring area. 

124. 
Hot Springs and Leisure

From 1929 to the following year, a reader voting event called "The 16 Thoran Hot Springs in Japan" was held by the National Newspaper. 

125. 
The technology for making the hot springs from the hot springs in the "Yunohana hut" in Mingan Onsen (Beppu City) is designated as an important intangible folk cultural property of the country. 

126. 
Definition of hot springs

In Japan, hot springs are defined by the Hot Springs Act and the Ministry of the Environment's mineral spring analysis guidelines. 

127. 

Definition of hot springs by the Hot Springs Method

In Japan, the Hot Springs Act was enacted on July 10, 1948. 

128. 

Historically, the hot springs were used in Egypt in the 3000-4000s BC, and Etruscans had a system to build hot spring facilities around the source and to investigate and manage mineral springs. 

129. 
Budapest has more than 100 hot springs, including the mixed bathing (swimsuit wear [11]) and the Szechenyi Hot Springs. 

130. 
But with a few exceptions, such as hot springs that are touristy like Calistoga, California, and glenwood springs, Colorado, use hot spring water as a pool, most of them are natural open-air baths, and development is not progressing much. 

131. 

Geysers in Yellowstone National Park

Glenwood Springs Hot Spring Pool

Hot Springs Bus House

Jefferson Pools

Asian countries
[icon]	
An addition to this section is desired. 

132. 

It is said that the history of hot springs in Taiwan began in 1894 in Hokuto, when a German, Wally, discovered the hot springs. 

133. 
Although it is common to use hot springs in Taiwan in swimsuits, hot springs that are written as "day-style" representing Japanese-style hot springs represent that they are used without wearing anything like Japanese hot springs. 

134. 
Footnote
Help (ui_button_Help)
Source

Data Ministry of the Environment on Hot Springs (see July 13, 2018)
    "Thermae Nippon: The relationship between hot springs and ruins..." Archaeological research advances". 

135. 
In addition, in the Edo period, the modern "Yuji customs" was born, and hot spring treatment customs were born that took advantage of the characteristics of each hot spring, such as sand bath, making hot water, steaming hot water, and combined hot spring. 

136. 
Index

1 The origins of hot springs
    2 Hot Springs in Japan
        2.1 History
        2.2 Hot Springs and Medical Care
        2.3 Hot Springs and Health
        2.4 Hot Springs and Leisure
        2.5 Use other than bathing
            2.5.1 Landscape
            2.5.2 Collection of hot water flowers, etc. 

137. 
In each clan, a hot water office was built, and the hot water service was set up, and the hot water tax was presided over. 

138. 

Japan's Ministry of the Environment has established "indications" that apply to the effects of hot springs, and "contraindications" that can worsen the condition of a hot spring by entering hot springs, such as Article 18 of the Hot Springs Act. 

139. 
This is symmetrical with the fact that Japanese hot springs were hindered by the worship of Western medicine that had flowed in, and for a while hot spring therapy was regarded as folk remedies and research was delayed (the moth was also associated with a hot spring hospital in Beppu, where there was a large-scale injured person facility of the Land and Navy, and some hot springs, such as Sancho, and related to neighboring universities, and research was conducted). 

140. 
            2.5.4 Other hot spring heat use
            2.5.5 Use of hot spring mud
        2.6 Dangers of Hydrogen Sulfide
    3 Offer form
        3.1 Various hot water temperatures
        3.2 Various bathing methods
        3.3 Concentrated hot spring water
    4 Definition of hot springs
        4.1 Elements of Hot Springs
        4.2 Definition of hot springs by the Hot Springs Method
        4.3 Classification by mineral spring analysis guidelines
            4.3.1 Recuperation spring
        4.4 Documentation
    5 Types of hot springs
        5.1 Recuperation spring
            5.1.1 Simple Hot Springs
            5.1.2 Salt Spring
                5.1.2.1 Carbon dioxide spring
                5.1.2.2 Bicarbonate Spring
                5.1.2.3 Chloride spring
                5.1.2.4 Sulfate Spring
            5.1.3 Recuperation spring containing special ingredients
                5.1.3.1 Iron-containing spring
                5.1.3.2 Aluminum-containing spring
                5.1.3.3 Copper-Iron Spring
                5.1.3.4 Sulfur Spring
                5.1.3.5 Acid Spring
                5.1.3.6 Radioactive Spring
        5.2 Hot Springs That Are Not Recuperation Springs
    6 Hot Springs around the World
        6.1 Europe
            6.1.1 France
        6.2 United States
        6.3 Asian countries
        6.4 Oceania
    7 Hot Spring Symbols and Hot Spring Marks
    8 Footnotes
        8.1 Sources
    9 References
    10 Related Topics
    11 External links

The origins of hot springs

Both the ground water warmed by geothermal heat springs naturally, and the one that it springs out artificially by boring (even the construction hot spring) is a hot spring if it matches the hot spring method. 

141. 

Concentrated hot spring water

In order to be able to enjoy hot spring water at home, concentrated hot spring water is sold by each company, and the hot spring water is mixed with an appropriate amount of concentrated hot spring water in the hot water of the bathtub and bathed. 

142. 
As a classification of spring temperature, it is classified into four types of hot springs, hot springs, hot springs, and high hot springs in the mineral spring analysis method guideline. 

143. 

Wide-meaning hot springs (legally defined hot springs): Under the definition of the Japanese hot spring method, even if the water temperature is not necessarily high, it is considered a hot spring when natural special water (mineral water) or gas springs out from ordinary water (see "Definition of Hot Springs" in the later section). 

144. 

Fumarolic, fumarole
    Sulfury pores, carbonated pores
    Mud volcanoes
    Amount of spring
    Geothermal
    Japanese Society of Hot Springs Climate Physics and Medicine
    The Legend of the Opening Of the Bath
    List of hot spring images in Japan
    Jigokugama
    Water control treatment
    Per hot water
    Public bath
    Communal baths
    Hot spring cure
    Day trip bathing facility
    100 Hot Springs in Nippon
    Hot spring method

External link

Protection and use of hot springs - Ministry of the Environment
        Data on hot springs 
    Mineral Spring Analysis Guidelines
    Hot Spring Science Project - Basklin Co., Ltd. 

145. 
Hot Springs in Japan

According to the Ministry of the Environment, Japan has 3038 hot spring resorts (the number of hot springs is 27422) as of FY2016. 
